Have to realize that cant have site make up for project not being interesting
    Although how rigid do I want to be on what can be presented for a project?

    I think start with
        Title
        Description
        Image
        Newsfeed (#What would newsfeed be of?)

Seeds

Hyrule Herder
Title: Hyrule Herder
Description: An arcade style cow herding game. Originally intended to make a small fan game, but everything I wanted to do was way out of scope. As a result I decided to try making a game in the spirit of the tutorial goat herding from Twilight Princess. Had a lot of fun building and "testing" this little project, and enjoyed the quirky antics of the wolf (whose behavior is modeled after gravitational pull).
Image: 
Newsfeed: Milestone: Implemented a game loop. Milestone: Added a character. Milestone: Can control character. Milestone: Can interact with other characters. Milestone: Antagonist added. Milestone: Wolf behaves like a moon. Milestone: Added fence area. Milestone: Animatations!

Title: No Script For You
Description: A ML seinfeld script writer. Worked on this with a few of my friends for a college project. We made some interesting and questionable design decisions on this project (like having the RNN work off of characters and thus need to build scripts by trying to understand relationships between characters...), but overall it was pretty informative and my first experience playing with RNNs. As a compliment to the RNN approach we also made a HMM to test against. (Measured distance with Cosine Similarity).
Image:
Newsfeed: Milestone: Installed Tensorflow. Milestone: Made a simple NN. Milestone: Downloaded a bunch of Seinfeld scripts. Milestone: Create data pipeline. Milestone: Trained initial model on scripts. Milestone: Produce a ML authored script. Milestone: Kramer enters with a banger.

Title: Noted
Description: A online conversation tool. The idea here was to fascilitate conversations by having personal and shared notebooks that could be put on display. Wanted to create a way for people to jot notes down during a covnersation and then present those notes in a way where others could pull those notes for their own purposes.
Image:
Newsfeed: Milestone: Create way to type in a "notebook". Milestone: Can now have multiple notebooks. Milestone: Added a title to notebooks. Milestone: Added a web to track the direction of conversation. Milestone: Made it so can present notebook (public vs private). Milestone: Added in a "speaker queue". Milestone: Socket.io for talking between apps. Milestone: Put everything on AWS EC2 instance. Milestone: Tested with some friends.

Title: Threads
Description: An online covnersation/notebooking tool. The idea here was to focus on being able to track and develop relationships between ideas while notebooking by having "webs" of topics. Users could create bubbles to track a topic and then "open" those bubles to take notes or attach related ideas.
Image:
Newsfeed:

Title: Ject
Description: The result of me wanting to have a place to keep track of my projects. Originally I wanted this to also be a notebooking application, but eventually found my way to just focusing on presenting projects.
Image:
Newsfeed:
